Exception occurred during Clicking AlFatiha: An element could not be located on the page using the given search parameters.
Exception occurred during Clicking RecitersDropdown: An element could not be located on the page using the given search parameters.
Exception occurred during Clicking SelectReciter: An element could not be located on the page using the given search parameters.
Exception occurred during Clicking PlaySurah: An element could not be located on the page using the given search parameters.
Exception occurred during Clicking NextAyah: An element could not be located on the page using the given search parameters.
Exception occurred during Clicking PrevAyah: An unknown server-side error occurred while processing the command. Original error: 'POST /element' cannot be proxied to UiAutomator2 server because the instrumentation process is not running (probably crashed). Check the server log and/or the logcat output for more details
Exception occurred during Clicking PlaySurah again: An unknown server-side error occurred while processing the command. Original error: 'POST /element' cannot be proxied to UiAutomator2 server because the instrumentation process is not running (probably crashed). Check the server log and/or the logcat output for more details
Exception occurred during Clicking BookMarkPage: An unknown server-side error occurred while processing the command. Original error: 'POST /element' cannot be proxied to UiAutomator2 server because the instrumentation process is not running (probably crashed). Check the server log and/or the logcat output for more details
Exception occurred during Clicking GotoTranslationsection: An unknown server-side error occurred while processing the command. Original error: 'POST /element' cannot be proxied to UiAutomator2 server because the instrumentation process is not running (probably crashed). Check the server log and/or the logcat output for more details
Exception occurred during Clicking DownloadTranslation: An unknown server-side error occurred while processing the command. Original error: 'POST /element' cannot be proxied to UiAutomator2 server because the instrumentation process is not running (probably crashed). Check the server log and/or the logcat output for more details
Exception occurred during Clicking DownloadedSection: An unknown server-side error occurred while processing the command. Original error: 'POST /element' cannot be proxied to UiAutomator2 server because the instrumentation process is not running (probably crashed). Check the server log and/or the logcat output for more details
Exception occurred during Clicking ViewTranslation: An unknown server-side error occurred while processing the command. Original error: 'POST /element' cannot be proxied to UiAutomator2 server because the instrumentation process is not running (probably crashed). Check the server log and/or the logcat output for more details
Exception occurred during Clicking TranslationNextPage: An unknown server-side error occurred while processing the command. Original error: 'POST /element' cannot be proxied to UiAutomator2 server because the instrumentation process is not running (probably crashed). Check the server log and/or the logcat output for more details
Exception occurred during Clicking TranslationPrevPage: An unknown server-side error occurred while processing the command. Original error: 'POST /element' cannot be proxied to UiAutomator2 server because the instrumentation process is not running (probably crashed). Check the server log and/or the logcat output for more details
Exception occurred during Navigating back: 'POST /session/7d946071-ff43-4913-8a55-f787bbb49060/back' cannot be proxied to UiAutomator2 server because the instrumentation process is not running (probably crashed). Check the server log and/or the logcat output for more details
Exception occurred during Qibla Finder: An unknown server-side error occurred while processing the command. Original error: 'POST /element' cannot be proxied to UiAutomator2 server because the instrumentation process is not running (probably crashed). Check the server log and/or the logcat output for more details
Exception occurred during Masjid Finder: An unknown server-side error occurred while processing the command. Original error: 'POST /element' cannot be proxied to UiAutomator2 server because the instrumentation process is not running (probably crashed). Check the server log and/or the logcat output for more details
Exception occurred during Digital Tasbeeh: An unknown server-side error occurred while processing the command. Original error: 'POST /element' cannot be proxied to UiAutomator2 server because the instrumentation process is not running (probably crashed). Check the server log and/or the logcat output for more details
Exception occurred during Prayer Times: An unknown server-side error occurred while processing the command. Original error: 'POST /element' cannot be proxied to UiAutomator2 server because the instrumentation process is not running (probably crashed). Check the server log and/or the logcat output for more details
Exception occurred during Calender: An unknown server-side error occurred while processing the command. Original error: 'POST /element' cannot be proxied to UiAutomator2 server because the instrumentation process is not running (probably crashed). Check the server log and/or the logcat output for more details
Failed to initialize driver: An unknown server-side error occurred while processing the command. Original error: Error executing adbExec. Original error: 'Command 'D:\\Android\\platform-tools\\adb.exe -P 5037 -s 10FE4N0CCL0005J shell am force-stop undefined' exited with code 1'; Command output: adb.exe: device '10FE4N0CCL0005J' not found

